to avoid complications
cardiovascular diseases
the patient must do a series of
restrictions in your diet that can
make him think that his diet is going to
become monotonous and boring but
things do not have to be this way
because in reality a renal patient
can do a varied diet and
rich in all phases of the disease
kidney is recommended to avoid fat
animal especially sausages
including ham cheese and milk
whole skim is allowed and
semi-skimmed reduce salt consumption
not only the use of a salt shaker but
products with high salt content as
cheese broth tablets
concentrated the canned products or
those who come in envelopes those who
they sell frozen and precooked
reduce the amount of proteins in the
diet so it is recommended to take a
single serving of meat or fish per day
reduce the intake of dairy products to a ration
of dairy a day a small cup of
milk a yogurt or custard and take a
average of no more than three eggs to the
week
to achieve this goal it is important
get used to dinner not a second
meat or fish dish but something
belonging to what we usually call
first courses be vegetable vegetables
pasta or rice in general will be much more
easy to meet these goals if we
we usually use exclusively
fresh products avoiding food
packaged or precooked to improve the
flavor of the food when it comes to seasoning
instead of salt it is recommended
use additives such as chopped garlic
pepper the parsley or any herb
aromatic is important to make a
varied food taking all kinds
of food allowed in a way
balanced and thus avoiding excess
one type of food and the lack of another
when the disease is in
advanced phase there are two other substances
whose excess we should avoid because they can
pose a serious risk to the function
of the heart and for circulation
blood phosphorus and potassium for
control phosphorus you have to insist on
the taking of small amounts of milk
or yogurt custard derivatives and so on
blue fish avoiding its skin
cocacola and beer and it is also
It is fundamental to avoid as much as possible
cocoa chocolate and nuts
to reduce potassium we must
get used to leaving a few hours to soak
potatoes vegetables and legumes
removing the water before starting the
preparation and changing the water in half
cooking you must reduce the pieces of
tomato or fruit to one a day avoiding
the banana also in this case is
essential to avoid chocolate cocoa and
the nuts
instead they can eat freely
apples and pears and to prepare a
salad there is a series of foods that
they contain little potassium like lettuce
onions or scallions pepper the
asparagus or cucumber although it seems that
the restrictions advised to the
kidney patients affect much of
our food is much higher
food ratio that we can
consume freely provided that as
has said the food is varied and it
follow the recommendations given thus a
kidney patient can enjoy as
first course of both rice pasta or
potatoes prepared in multiple ways or
rich vegetables and legumes of second
dish can include almost all
ways of preparing meat
fish or egg so it's clear
that the renal patient should not give up
to good food
Y